1) I enjoy having the flexibility to make a character into whatever I like, including skills, feats, etc. The element of randomness
can sometimes provide some fantastic stats (and some abysmal ones >.<)

2) I like space to write details, for example weapon names, descriptions, etc, inventory items instead of having to rely on post-it
notes stuck to the back (something I actually had to do). I also like having space to cross out and erase things when stats etc
change.

3) I have a bunch of pet peeves with D&D character sheets. Tiny spaces on the skills chart (granted there are loads, but at least a
different sheet...?) and not enough room for writing feats. RANDOM STAT GENERATION... (22 Dexterity, 12 Constitution, my very first
character, I kid you not. Her survivability was so low it was scary. Luckily, she was nimble enough to stay out of trouble.) A more
clear way of calculating stat point gain/skill points (a clear formula would be really nice, instead of "it differs between
races")... Oh, and a proper sheet to write spells on for magic using characters. (I ended up with a whole separate notebook for my
second character, a wizard).

4) Can't do much about random stats, it wouldn't be as fun otherwise. But a more clear way of calculating skill points would be
nice. In general space out character sheets a bit, or simplify a little. (see above complaints, really)

------------

S
I'm talking to you, because I might possibly need you to help beta for me
you should be able to do it at work since it won't have flash
right now I'm working on backbone
but Phase One you'll be able to create a user account, and then you will be able to create multiple characters
11:31pmSarah
Sounds like it is gonna be a big project!
I'd be glad to help you!
11:31pmSarah
yeah, well I am kinda thinking this is going to be my 'breakout' project
but you'll be able to create characters, and it will figure out modifiers and everything
and you'll be able to upgrade to different levels - although I think for starters it's just gonna be level one
since I'm not sure how much I'll get done when it's due
but phase one is a basic character sheet tracker
so let's say the decision to play D&D comes up, and you can't find your paper copy of your character sheet, you can just print it off
wherever you are
Phase Two is going to involve user to user interaction
so you can link various characters together to form an Adventure Group
possibly to be used to help plan out characters for a campaign
11:36pmSarah
...anyway, that's as far as I've gotten
http://www.sarahfrisk.com/stuff/signin.png
that link is a basic sketch of what I'm thinking for the user signin window
but if you have any ideas of what you would like in an online D&D app, or whatever, let me know
since while I like gaming
since colby isn't really a tabletop gaming place, I don't do it much
i might need you to also check my math
11:39pmSarah
the sign in page mock-up is cute!
You should have a basic character sheet but you should also create some for the basic classes
Like have one for wizard/sorcerer that has a place for spells and one for rogue that has a place for you to put your sneak attak damage and so on
11:40pmSarah
I'm thinking when you select a class it will modify the character sheet to reflect class needs
and when you level up, it will automatically level up class/race stuff
11:41pmSarah
good idre
*idea
I'll try to think of what I would like to see in an application like that
11:41pmSarah
well I tried finding stuff online
but I could find any really social networking database
11:42pmSarah
Maybe something that will create random dice rolls for you?
11:42pmSarah
yeah, I think I might have the option of "roll dice for stats" or entering in your own
since this project is due in three weeks, I'm thinking basics will work only
Phase one stuff
Items probably won't be set up yet
although I'm hoping to set up an item database/shop
that will automatically figure out what it costs, even with upgrades
if you have enough money
or if your character can't use a particular weapon
11:45pmSarah
I've seen something like this that I like...Maybe for your equipment there could be a chart of a person with lines going to different body parts where you can equip stuff- like a line going to your back for a cloak, a line to you head for a helmet/ headband... your throat for an amulet... that kinda shit. So you can make sure you aren't equiping multiple items to the same slot.
11:45pmSarah
ooo
nice
11:45pmSarah
Good idea
the shop that it
*the shop that is



username generator